Integrated Technology Assistant 

Para Los Ninos 

Job Description: 

Full job description
Position Overview

Para Los Niños Charter School is seeking a skilled and motivated Integrated Technology Assistant to support our technology infrastructure and initiatives. Under the supervision of the Integrated Technology Manager, the candidate will assist in the maintenance, organization, and support of technology assets across our campuses. This role requires a proactive individual who is adept at managing technology resources, troubleshooting issues, and collaborating with staff to ensure seamless technological operations.

Duties

Maintain a catalog of over 3,000 assets (Computers, headphones, hotspots, chargers, adapters, etc) being loaned out to staff and students during the school year.
Maintain catalog with weekly and monthly updates, signed loan agreements, records of computer damage and charges.
Work as support to staff for technology issues in the classroom with PLN computers, projectors, audio equipment, Smartboards etc.
Maintain the student technology carts, ensuring all have locks, accessible chargers and assigned technology.
Conduct monthly technology checks to ensure all devices have tags and student name labels.
Conduct annual technology collection, device cleaning, and computer cart reorganization.
Provide technical support to students and staff regarding internet connectivity and Google suite access.
Collaborate on purchasing requests for technology upgrades and replacements throughout the school year.
Maintain the technology storage areas in and out of the classroom by keeping them organized and safe for staff access.
On a monthly basis, remove outdated and damaged technology from the school via E-Waste request.
Meet weekly to collaborate with the Integrated Technology Manager, to report on progress and necessary support to keep the schools, students, and staff access to technology consistent and effective.
Carry out mission, vision, and values established by Para Los Niños’ Managing Director of Charter Schools, the President/CEO and the Board of Directors.
Participate in the overall agency continuous quality improvement processes.
Performs other duties as assigned by Supervisor.
Please note this position will require working at both Charter Elementary School (1617 E. 7th St. Los Angeles, CA 90021) and Charter Middle School (835 Stanford Ave. Los Angeles CA 90021) on a weekly basis.
Qualifications and Experience Requirements

Ability in the Google Suite and admin tools, specifically spreadsheets.
Ability with office 365 Microsoft.
Proficient in hardware and maintenance of Chrome books and PC hardware.
Proficient in networking and wireless internet systems.
Ability to work harmoniously with students, parents, teachers and staff.
Ability to act calmly and appropriately in emergencies.
Must possess a valid First-Aid/CPR Certificate issued by a recognized First Aid training program.
Clear and concise communication skills via email, Teams, and verbally.
Self-starter with the ability to adapt depending on immediate needs.
Ability to work collaboratively and in a team environment.
Education and Certification Requirements

At least two years of experience in an education program for students K-12.
AA or minimum of 60 coursework hours in the field of education and/or technology.
Experience managing multiple varied streams of work and needs.
Experience communicating and collaborating with many different team members.
Physical Requirements

To perform this job the individual must be able to carry out all essential functions satisfactorily.

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individual with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.

Approximately 50% of time is spent sitting, while frequently required to walk, stand and bend.
Must be able to speak and hear well.
Good vision is imperative.
Occasionally required to stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl.
Employee will be required to lift and/or move up to 25 pounds without assistance.
Expectations for All Para Los Niños Staff

Candidates for employment at Para Los Niños, regardless of position, will consistently demonstrate the following:

Unwavering belief in and commitment to fulfill the mission of Para Los Niños.
Deep commitment to the success of all PLN students and families.
Commitment to excellence and high standards -- for self, students, and colleagues.
Continuous learning by engaging in reflection, self-assessment, and individual professional development.
Use of data to inform decisions and drive continuous improvement.
Ability to thrive as a member of a collaborative team.
Self-motivation and initiative with solutions-oriented disposition.
Belief in and ability to develop respectful relationships with families and children informed by the students’ cultural and socioeconomic characteristics.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Ability to effectively handle challenging situations.
Comfort with basic Microsoft Office applications and a curiosity and propensity to push own adoption of new technology and approaches.
Regular, punctual attendance and professional appearance.
Para Los Niños is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer

It is the established policy of Para Los Niños (PLN) to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified applicants and employees without discrimination with regard to race, religious belief (including dress or grooming practices), color, sex, sex stereotype, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions (including breast feeding), age, national origin (including possessing a driver’s license issued under Vehicle Code § 12801.9), ancestry, sexual orientation, gender identification and expression, transgender status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic characteristics, genetic information, family care, marital status, enrollment in any public assistance program, status as military, a veteran or qualified disabled veteran, status as an unpaid intern or volunteer, or any other classification protected by law. PLN also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that anyone has any of those characteristics or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics.