Hospital Name PIH Health Whittier Hospital
Location Whittier, California
Job Type Full-Time/Regular
Job ID 23232-977
Date posted 09/10/2024
The Technologist Assistant provides assistance with patient care, assist with image management, set up and clean-up of procedures, data entry under the supervision of licensed or certified staff in areas of training. Performs duties necessary to maintain the flow of patient care within the center.

PIH Health is a nonprofit, regional healthcare network that serves approximately 3 million residents in the Los Angeles County, Orange County and San Gabriel Valley region. The fully integrated network is comprised of PIH Health Downey Hospital, PIH Health Good Samaritan Hospital, PIH Health Whittier Hospital, 37 outpatient medical office buildings, a multispecialty medical (physician) group, home healthcare services and hospice care, as well as heart, cancer, digestive health, orthopedics, women’s health, urgent care and emergency services. The organization is nationally recognized for excellence in patient care and patient experience, and the College of Healthcare Information Management Executives (CHIME) has identified PIH Health as one of the nation’s top hospital systems for best practices, cutting-edge advancements, quality of care and healthcare technology. For more information, visit PIHHealth.org or follow us on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram.


Required Skills
Written and verbal communications, interpersonal skills.
Strong organizational skills.
Demonstrated team member abilities.
Education and/or training related to areas of responsibility.
Computer skills

Required Experience
High School Diploma or GED equivalent
Current CPR card
Computer Skills
One-year experience in acute care facility preferred
Beyond the benefits that come with working for the area's leading community healthcare provider – one that also recognizes the need to ensure patient safety and comfort – you'll enjoy an extremely competitive compensation and benefits package.  We are an equal opportunity employer and seek diversity in our workforce.   EOE M/F/D/V


Address
12401 Washington Blvd.

Salary
21.00-28.35

Shift
Variable

FLSA Status
Non-Exempt

Zip Code
90602