Technical Support Specialist 

MathWorks 

About the job
MathWorks has a hybrid work model that enables staff members to split their time between office and home. The hybrid model provides the advantage of having both in-person time with colleagues and flexible at-home life optimizations. Learn More: https://www.mathworks.com/company/jobs/resources/applying-and-interviewing.html#onboarding.

MathWorks staff enjoy a hybrid work-from-home model featuring both home-office flexibility as well as in-office meeting days for optimized collaboration.

As a Technical Support specialist, you will have the opportunity to perform all aspects of Technical Support related to the normal day-to-day requests of MathWorks’ customers regarding Installation and Licensing. This includes configurations on cloud platforms (Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure), continuous integration servers, docker, and compute clusters. In this position you will be supporting our customers via phone, email, and other methods. Training and hands on learning is provided.

Aside from day-to-day responsibilities of troubleshooting and resolving customers' installation and licensing issues, you will have the opportunity to expand your skillset by participating in projects and working with different areas of the organization. This will help you to prepare for the next step in your career at MathWorks.

Hours for this position are 11am - 8pm.

MathWorks nurtures growth, appreciates diversity, encourages initiative, values teamwork, shares success, and rewards excellence.

,

Technical Support

The majority of time will be spent troubleshooting both internal and external customer requests via the phone, email and web. 
Troubleshooting work will be span all three major platforms Windows, MacOS, and Linux. 
Be a voice for our customers within MathWorks by providing insight into the customer experience. 

Project related activities

Projects will be assigned based on career objectives, interests, and departmental needs. 
Will be responsible for: identifying and implementing ideas for process and policy improvements; writing and reviewing solutions; and participating on cross-functional teams 

Teaming activities

Collaborate with team members. 
Decision making, consensus building, conflict resolution, and problem solving on team related issues. 
Provide input/feedback that defines solutions for technical issues encountered by the rest of the team. 

,

Degree focused in Computer Science, Information Technology, or STEM is preferred 
6-12 months of IT experience 
Experience in a customer-facing role 
Working knowledge of Linux, Windows, Mac, Networking, and knowledge of License Management 
Ability to identify and implement process and policy improvements 
A passion for technology 

,

A bachelor's degree is required.
Visa sponsorship will not be provided for this position.
Candidates for this position must be authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis for any employer without restriction.

, This individual will be required to understand and perform all aspects of Technical Support related to the normal day-to-day requests of MathWorks customers regarding Installation and Licensing. In this position you will be supporting our customers v